*Updated ReadMe due to new changes to it. Original ReadMe file is `README`.*

## Python script `fa_latex_gen.py`

Script `fa_latex_gen.py` is designed to generate `fontawesome.sty` file (read below).

### Requirements

 - Python 2.7
 - Package tinycss (`pip install tiny css`)

### Input files

Script `fa_latex_gen.py` expects existing of next input files (placed inside folder `input`):

 - `template.sty`: changed `fontaweesome.sty`, so python script `fa_latex_gen.py` can insert generated information inside.
 - `fontawesome_reduced.css`: part of file [font-awesome.css](https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome/blob/master/css/font-awesome.css). This file provides icon names for Font Awesome 4.1 and its new aliases.
 - `backward_cap.txt`: reduced list from [wiki about upgrading FA from 3.2.1 to 4](Reduced list from https://github.com/FortAwesome/Font-Awesome/wiki/Upgrading-from-3.2.1-to-4) -- for holding backward capability issues.

### Output files
 
 - `fontawesome.sty`: main scheme prepared by Xavier Danaux, content generated by `fa_latex_gen.py`

### Author

Created by Nazar Gerasymchuk (troyan3 at gmail dot com).


## fontawesome -- high quality web icons

The "fontawesome" package grants access to 439 web-related icons provided 
by the included "Font Awesome" (Version 4.1.0) free font, designed 
by Dave Gandy and released under the open SIL Open Font License 
(available at http://scripts.sil.org/OFL). 
See http://www.fontawesome.io for more details about the font itself.

This package requires the "fontspec" package and either the Xe(La)TeX or
Lua(La)TeX engine to load the included otf font.

Once the package is loaded, icons can be accessed through the general `\faicon`
command, which takes as argument the name of the desired icon, or through direct
commands specific to each icon. The full list of icon designs, names and direct
commands is showcased in the manual.

### License

#### Font Awesome font
**Author:** Dave Gandy

**Licence:** SIL Open Font License, version 1.1

#### fontawesome package
**Author:** Xavier Danaux <xdanaux@gmail.com>

**Licence:** The LaTeX Project Public Li­cense, version 1.3c
